###Changelog for WP-Forge###

####v5.5.0.1####
* Bumped version to 5.5.0.1 on all files
* Removed reference to Twenty Twelve theme. WP-Forge has grown and changed a lot since she was first released. Even though there are tiny hints of Twenty Twelve, I believe she can stand alone without any reference to another theme.
* Change the entire look and feel of the theme by making it NOT look like Foundation is in the mix. This was done by changing some of the default css values for links and buttons.
* Added the social menu from Twenty Fifteen into the mix. Previously, any theme that was submitted to the WordPress theme directory could not have this in place. It was considered plugin territory. This menu is must better than the original.
* Added some accessibility from Twenty Fifteen. Accessibility may be required starting next year, so I figure why not get it implemented now. WP-Forge was tested using the following post `https://make.wordpress.org/themes/2014/12/15/three-easy-tips-for-accessible-theming/` and it seems WP-Forge passed (from what I can tell - if not please let me know so I can make changes.)
* Adjusted the front end CSS that was generated by the Customizer. Now when the end user installs the theme it will look exactly the way it is intended. In the previous release, I accomplished this with css, however with the release of WP 4.1 the customizer API is completely different. This was causing issues with the display, so I decided to rework it.
* Changed screenshot.png
* Updated Genericons to latest version 3.3
* Updated language files

####v5.5.0####
* Updated to latest version of Foundation, 5.5.0
* Modified the 404.php file. The 404 error page is more useful and privides better options to the end user.
* Adjusted some styles. This allows the theme to look the way it is supposed to before having to change any options in Customizer.
* Cleaned up a few files, meaning I delteted them, i.e. bbpress.php.

####v5.4.7####
* Updated to the version of Foundation, version 5.4.7
* Added default custom header and background to customizer.
* Wrapped the site title and site description in the proper `H1 and H2 tags`. Previously they were wrapped in a `<p>` tag
* Properly registered and enqueued scripts and style sheets. This will allow child themes to properly dequeue in order to use custom scripts and styles.
* Made WP-Forge pluggable, meaning all functions in functions.php are wrapped in the appropriate `if function exists` - this will allow child themes to easily overwite parent theme functionality.
* Added Panels to the Customizer. This is a new feature released in WP 4.0 - https://make.wordpress.org/core/2014/07/08/customizer-improvements-in-4-0/
* Added a 100% width container, which also has a transparent background, around the following sections: header area, content area, footer sidebar area and footer area.
* Users can now control the width of the following areas: header, content and footers.
* Users can now modify the various color options associated with the theme. These include: Top-Bar, content, sidebar, footer sidebar, footer and buttons.
* Changed `screenshot.png` - According to WordPress standards, the screenshot must be an actual representation of the theme itself.
* A few other minor changes I can't remember as I lost track.

####v5.4####
* Updated to the latest version of Foundation 5.4
* Renamed the Off-Canvas section in theme customizer to Top-Bar & Off-Canvas.
* Moved the Top-Bar settings from the Navigation section to the Off-Canvas section. I felt it was better to have these settings in the same place
* Changed name of Posts section in theme customizer to Theme Layout.
* Added "Theme Width" to theme customizer. Now users can set the width of the theme in the theme customizer instead of editing the css.
* Added "Sidebar Position" to theme customizer. Now users can have the main sidebar display on the left or the right of the content.
* Removed all of the "!important" declarations from the WP-Forge style sheet, with the exception of one on line 393, this is needed for the positioning of the footer menu when "Text & Nav Centered" is selected in the theme customizer.
* Adjust the border radius of the "BackToTop" button in mobile view and changed the hover color.
* Increased the size of the author Gravatar on the author page.
* Removed the html5 function that wrapped images in the figure tag.
* Corrected issue with image.php - Changed line 25 to refelect `<div class="entry-meta-header">` instead of `<footer class="entry-meta">`.

####v5.3.3####
* No changes to the actual theme itself. v5.3.3 is another Foundation release which fixes the Reveal modal z-index issue.

####v5.3.2####
* Updated to the latest version of Foundation, v5.3.2

####v5.3.1 ####
* Updated to the latest version of Foundation v5.3.1
* removed unnecessary declaration from lines 393 and 394 of style.css - Thanks Hash Varsani
* Added new sitemap.php page template file - users can now create a sitemap page.
* Users can control how many posts are displayed on the sitemap page in the theme customizer, under the "Posts" section
* Updated wp-forge.po file, also removed es_ES.po file. The author of that language files stated there were issues and asked for it to be removed and he will replace.

####v5.3.0####
* Updated to the latest version of Foundation v5.3.0
* Minimized font css a little more
* Added Spanish Spanish Translation - Thanks to Alfonso Correas

####v5.2.3.1a####
* Seems in my haste to push out a fix for the Off Canvas issue, I forgot to change the version number in all of the files of WP-Forge. My apologies.

####v5.2.3.1####
* Added data-offcanvas attribute to line 13 of content-off_canvas.php - Seems Foundation added this to Off Canvas in 5.2.3

####v5.2.3####
* Updated to latest version of Foundation 5.2.3
* Added 'none' to the options for Background Position in the theme customizer.
* Changed the default text of the menu fallback function
* Updated normalize.css to 3.0.1 http://necolas.github.io/normalize.css/
* Added 'contain' to the Background Size option in customizer.
* Added Font-Awesome back into the mix. The shortcode plugin I am working on will use this font as well.
* Combined all font css into one file.
* Social menu icons are now handled by Font-Awesome. Font-Awesome provides a larger array of social icons.
* Added Russion Translation - Thanks to Andriy https://github.com/helirexi

####v5.2.2.4####
* Removed all styles back to their own style sheets and called them appropriately through functions.php - Apparently this was causing WP-Forge to display incorrectly in IE and FF.

####v5.2.2.3####
* Moved all css files to style.css
* Removed Fontawesome icon set and added the Genericons font http://genericons.com/#wordpress
* Changed the way the information for posts is displayed. Moved categories a post is assigned to above the title. Moved the post date, author and comments directly under the title. Tags are still listed after the post as well as the edit button that appears when the admin is logged in.
* Adjusted the social menu css to reflect the Genericons font.
* Moved the fonts folder into the inc folder
* Github versions of WP-Forge are now be tagged. This will allow end users to revert to previous releases of WP-Forge.
* Changed the appearance of the author information area - This will provide a more consistent look across different platforms. I didn't like the way it was appearing on smaller screens.
* Fixed issue with the post title being displayed as a link in single post view.

####v5.2.2.2####
* Added support for the Github Updater from Andy Fragen https://github.com/afragen/github-updater - You will now be able to update WP-Forge from within WordPress itself. You need to download and install the Github Updater.

####v5.2.2.1####
* Changed the max-width of rows in foundation.css from 62.5rem to 100%. Changed the max-width of #wrapper in style.css to 64rem (this is equivilant to 1024px based on 16px font size). This change will make it easier for users to change the width of the theme to whatever they like, even to full width.
* Removed the background color from rows. This is not needed as the background color of the wrapper element is white.
* Added function that links all post thumbnails to the post permalink.
* Added html5 shim to header (seems prevalent in WordPress themes)
* Added function that wraps inserted images in posts/pages with figure and figcaption. (thanks Tommie Landstrom)
* Corrected word-wrap and overflow-x issue with <pre> element. 
* Added data-options="mobile_show_parent_link: true" to top-bar. This will now display the parent link in mobile view. See http://foundation.zurb.com/forum/posts/809-top-bar-parent-links for more details (again thanks Tommie Landstrom)
* Moved Modernizr to load after jQuery

####v5.2.2####
* Updated to Foundation v5.2.2 (released on Friday 04/04/2014) - View changes made by Foundation via commit https://github.com/zurb/foundation/commit/520ea11dfe818691dd70cdb5c5ed5907e5e64168
* Removed the default values in the Background Section of the theme customizer.
* Added "background-size" section to Background Section of the theme customizer. This will allow users to set a full width image as the background of the site without a plugin. Read more about the "background-size" attribute http://www.w3schools.com/cssref/css3_pr_background-size.asp
* Removed background color from style.css and foundation.css - The default color will now be white. This will allow the user to set the initial color from within the theme customizer.
* Added all Foundation media queries to end of style.css - This is so users do not have to search for these in the actual Foundation Docs.
* .gitkeep file added to images folder. Thanks to baringji https://github.com/baringji
* Starting with this release main version will be updated to include minor patch version, i.e., current version is 5.2.2, if minor changes are made, the version will be appended to reflect 5.2.2.1 and so on.
* Updated language file.
